You ever notice how grown-up life is just a bunch of questions you're too embarrassed to ask? Like, 'Do I need to own a salad spinner?'

I used to think adulthood was about having it all together, but now I realize it's more about trying not to fall apart in public.

You know you're getting older when you start choosing your cereal based on the fiber content instead of the toy inside.

I tried to impress my date by cooking a fancy dinner, but I ended up burning the spaghetti. Now we just order takeout and laugh about it.

I went to the gym today, but it turned out to be a pizza place. So, I guess I'll try again tomorrow.

You ever try to put on jeans right out of the dryer? It's like trying to squeeze into a sausage casing. I call it 'the denim struggle.'

I don't understand why they call it 'rush hour.' It's more like 'sit in traffic and contemplate the meaning of life hour.'

I tried to be an adult and budget my money, but then I saw a sale on shoes. So now, I'm just budgeting for more shoe racks.

I told my therapist I have trouble making decisions. She said, 'Theo, that's not a decision, that's a personality trait.'

Life is like a box of chocolates. You eat them all, and then you wonder why your pants don't fit.

I asked the cashier if I could get a discount because I'm good-looking. She laughed, and I walked away with my full-priced items.

They say time flies when you're having fun, but have you tried sitting through a boring meeting? Time turns into a snail on vacation.

I'm not saying I'm lazy, but I do set my alarm for 5 minutes before I have to leave the house. That way, I get the thrill of a race every morning.

I thought I lost some weight, but it turns out my jeans were just stretched from being in the dryer too long.

I told my friend I'm a great chef because I can microwave anything. He asked if I could microwave his career. Ouch.

I went to a restaurant and saw a sign that said, 'Breakfast Anytime.' So, I ordered French toast during the Renaissance.

You know you're an adult when you get excited about a new sponge for the kitchen.

I asked Siri for relationship advice. She just told me, 'Error: No solution found.' Thanks, Siri.

I told my boss I have a unique skill set. He said, 'Yeah, I've seen you balance coffee cups on your head during meetings.'

I tried to organize my closet, but it ended up looking like a tornado hit a thrift store.

I asked my dog if he wanted to go for a walk. He looked at me like I asked him to solve a math problem.

I don't trust stairs because they're always up to something.

I asked the bartender for a joke. He handed me the bill. That's the most expensive laugh I've ever had.

You ever feel like you're just a minor character in someone else's movie, but you didn't even audition for the role?

I thought I lost my wallet, but it was just hiding in my hand the whole time. My hand is a master of disguise.

I tried to start a band with my friends, but we couldn't agree on a name. We're still 'The Unnamed Band.'

I told my therapist I have a fear of commitment. She said, 'Next week, let's talk about it.'

I asked the barista if they had anything stronger than coffee. They handed me the Wi-Fi password.

I tried to make a smoothie, but the blender just danced around the kitchen. I think it's possessed.

I told my doctor I have a problem with procrastination. He said, 'I'll schedule you for treatment next month.'

I asked the GPS for the shortest route, and it took me through a cornfield. Now, I'm pretty sure I'm in a horror movie.

I told my phone I need a vacation. It changed my language settings to Spanish. Guess I'm going to Mexico.

I tried to meditate, but my inner peace was interrupted by my inner pizza craving.

I asked the mirror if I'm the fairest of them all. It said, 'You're the fairest at 6 a.m. with bedhead.'

I told my cat it's time to go on a diet. She gave me the 'I thought you loved me' look.

I asked my parents for advice, and they said, 'Just do what makes you happy.' So, I'm eating pizza.

I tried to order a salad at the drive-thru, and they asked if I wanted a burger with it. They just don't get me.

I told my friend I'm going on a diet, and he said, 'Why? Are you planning to become a Victoria's Secret model?'

I asked my coworker for a stapler, and he said, 'Sorry, I'm all out of staples.' That's like a chef saying, 'Sorry, I'm all out of food.'

I asked my neighbor if they have Wi-Fi. They said, 'No, we're Amish.' I guess they're living the unplugged life.

I tried to buy a self-help book, but it was out of stock. I guess I'll just have to help myself.

I told my boss I'm taking a mental health day. He said, 'We don't have those here.' So, I took a sick day and worked on my mental health.

I asked my doctor if I should cut down on caffeine. He said, 'Do you want to be productive or not?' I guess I'm staying caffeinated.

I tried to go to bed early, but my mind decided it's the perfect time to remember embarrassing moments from 10 years ago.

I told my friend I'm trying to eat healthier. He said, 'That's great. Pass the fries.' Friends are so supportive.

I asked the waiter if they have any vegan options. He said, 'Yes, we have water.' I guess I'm having a liquid lunch.
